---
layout: post
title: Welcome to Code-RLadies!
subtitle: Inclusive group promoting data science in Mid-Missouri
tags: [about]
comments: true
---

New to Code-RLadies MidMo? No problem. Here's the scoop:

## What is Code-RLadies? 

It's a Mid-Missouri group designed to promote data science and data-science-related tools, technologies, programming, and skills among under-represented genders. No matter your gender or level of representation in the field, if you align with that vision and would like to support it, we welcome you to the group! 

## Is Code-RLadies just R? 

R-Ladies Global is our sponsor of the chapter, and our core interest is in R. However, R is an amazing tool that delves into various other fields. As such, in order to be a multi-dimensional, diverse, growth-oriented group, we aim to include other programming languages and areas of interest outside of R. For example, enhancing your level of Shiny interactivity may require additional expertise in Javascript, or even knowledge of D3 libraries. 

We believe that by promosting inclusivity across programming languages, we can all become stronger in our language of choice and area of chosen expertise. 

## How Can I Join? 

* First, go to Meetup.com ( https://www.meetup.com/rladies-mid-mo/events ), sign up, and RSVP to the next Code-RLadies MidMo meetup.
* Follow us on Twitter and Facebook. 
* Join our Slack channel for ongoing informal communication and chats.
* Review R-Ladies Global, and you may wish to also join the R-Ladies global Slack Channel as well. 
* The footer of this website has links to all social media channels. 

**The real-world is awesome. We look forward to meeting you soon!**


